Talking about this, the
overall health insurance business of all the companies is worth Rs 17,800 crore this year
and the company's projection is that
by 2031 this volume will be Rs
2,942 crore, almost three times the potential is going to come
in the next 6 years, 7 years, in
which all of you will
get all that working, all that money, everything because such a
big market position is going to convert, there is a
huge scope in health insurance, there are
many people like this right now
[Music]
[Praise]
Hello friends, today I am going to talk about the
company profile of IIC Lord Company, about
how big a
general insurance company is IIC Lord,
what work is done here, at what valuations, how the
company works, how
big a portfolio it holds and
in which segments it is doing good and excellent work,
I will try to explain all this working to you through this profile,
my name is Yogendra Verma, I am a health
insurance expert, I have been helping people for the last 28 years.  You can
also be
one of them, if you want to
take any health plan for yourself and
why to take ICC Lombard, you can
take consultation from us about it, you can understand and can
also take the policy, friends who have
come for the first time, you have to subscribe to the channel,
share it, comment and definitely click the bell icon, only then
you will keep getting all the latest updates, so here
we are going to talk about ICC Lord Leading
Private General Insurance Company, which is one of the
best largest private insurance
in India, which is an amazing
and wonderful company in itself, if we talk about the portfolio of the company,
then if we talk about the WP of the company, then the
company does WP of 2559.4 crores,
which is amazing in itself, the
company provides annual gross value premium of 2554 and PAT of 1919 crores
and 3 crore 62 lakh policies have been issued, the
company has issued 3 crore 62 lakh policies,
29 lakh claims have been settled, plus
312 branches of the company are ICS  Lord has
312 branches and
917 virtual ones
which are on the company's panel. There are 9500 plus
hospitals which are paneled with the company.
47000 doctors are paneled with the company
which help your customers
in any kind of support to all the customers and
900 plus internal surveyors are
easily working with the company which is a great
strength of the company. Next,
IC Lord has a multi-channel
distribution setup which is
amazing in itself. 128
agents certified agents are working with the company
which is very good in a great way.
Talking about financial institutions, the company has 300 plus financial
institutions. Talking about motor UM
partners, the company has 41 motor UM
partners because they are very
big companies in themselves. Plus, the company has 105 digital
partnerships which
is amazing in itself and last but not least, affinity
partners 230 affinity  Partners are
allied with the company, which is generally very
amazing and doing excellent work. Let's talk about the
performance of the company as a general insurance industry. If we talk about the working of the company, then
you will understand at what level the company does
how much volume. If we talk about 2015, then the
company used to work at 39 in motors,
25 in health,
17 in commercial and 19 in government. As a
whole, we are talking about the general insurance industry,
when in 2015 the company, all general
insurance companies had a
volume of 548 crores. Today, if we
talk about the financial year 2024, the
turnover has become
28700 crores,
2897 crores in a year. The overall general
insurance industry does volume, it does such a
big business whose segment has
also increased from before. It is at 32 in motors,
37 in health, 17
in commercial and 14 in government. It is in other
things, it is in government
projects etc.
Because you should know that this is how the
company is working. The company is working on robotic growth
whose CAGR of growth is
20.7, amazing. Ice Lord's growth is
20.7. Let's talk about the Indian health insurance
industry, which is amazing in itself
because if you are going to join health,
then you should know about health,
which right now, if we talk about the financial year 2024,
then the
overall
health insurance business of all the companies is Rs
17800 crore this year and the company's projection is that
by 2031, this volume will be Rs
2942 crore. Almost three times the potential is going to come
in the next 6 years, it is going to come in 7 years, in
which all of you will
get all that working, all that money, everything because
such a big market position is going to convert. There is a
huge scope in health insurance. Right now, there are many people
who are still left to
take health insurance, that is, there is
extreme potential which right now  There is a
volume of 107000 800 crores. Within the next 67 years,
this volume is going to reach around 3 lakh crores,
29 4700 crores, 200
crores. This is the projection of the company
which is amazing in itself. In
which the portion of all health is also
mentioned and the option of group and government health is
also clearly visible to you in it,
which you can easily see. If we
talk about macro trends and health care industry, then it is also growing very fast and is being
managed very brilliantly. What things is the company telling and trying to explain about macro trends and
contribution to improve health insurance, which is
called
35 lakh crore health care market, in which there is
14% market medical inflation,
which is 2x of overall if any inflation
occurs, it is twice that, which you
should know and 17% of the world's diabetes patients,
17% of people in the world are diabetic,
50%  Expenses are out of pocket.
People bear them from their pockets at 50% and
urbanization is expected by 231% at 40% in the next 7
years. Urbanization is increasing a lot.
Cities are developing a lot. So, you are going to see a
huge growth in health
insurance. A lot of people are going to join it.
People are going to take policies. It is going to
develop and its need is going to increase.
17% of world population and
retail health insurance penetration at 5%. Currently,
retail penetration is only 5%, which is at the
level of 17% in the world. Now,
you will start seeing a huge scope for it in a short time. If we
talk about
corporate insurance, health
insurance penetration in India at 5%, which
I just told you. But if we
talk about corporate insurance, then 8 crore
lives are running policies through average sum limit of 3 lakh and many other
sub-limits. If we
talk about retail health insurance, then
only 17 crore lives are covered and the
majority is around 5 lakh sum limit, 5 lakh
or 5 lakh.  If we talk about the government schemes around,
60 crore people are covered, but
these addicts are covered, their sum shot is very
low, due to which they can do
all the work only inside restricted hospitals, they
cannot get treatment everywhere, so 25 crore are covered
through voluntary health insurance, missing
middle 50 crore mostly uncovered and 60
crore are covered through government schemes like
Ayushman Bharat Extra, but they
still cannot get proper working and proper treatment there,
so the potential importance is
very high, which you can manage, let's
talk about medical inflation leading
to high treatment cost, that is, the way
inflation is increasing and accordingly the cost of
major
diseases is
increasing very rapidly, what is the situation
in metro cities, what is the situation in tier one cities, what is the situation in
tier two cities, let me
give you an idea, heart transplantation
which costs ₹1 lakh in metro cities, costs
25 lakh in tier one cities.
Liver transplantation costs 22 lakhs in tier two,
25 lakhs in metro, 20
lakhs in tier one and 18 lakhs in tier two,
cancer costs 20 lakhs in metro, 18 lakhs
in tier one and 15 lakhs in tier two,
bone marrow transplant costs ₹1 lakh in metro
and ₹ lakh in tier one, ₹ lakh in tier two, if
kidney transplant is needed
then ₹ lakh in metro, ₹ lakh in tier one and
₹ lakh in tier two, these are the initial costs
which will
increase very rapidly in the coming time and
when this rate goes up due to inflation of 14 per cent, it will go
out of the reach of the common man,
due to this also health insurance
is very important for you people and there are many such reasons due to which it
is mandatory for people to take health insurance,
whatever is our salary, to manage it, to
manage the disease and from the salary  It is not possible,
hence one should have health insurance even at the time
when we reach mid-age salary, so that it does
not spoil our aggregative savings and if we
reach older age, then the
premiums are a bit expensive at that age, if we are
not carrying it, then the costing also becomes very
high due to which treatment is
not affordable for everyone,
if you come into a working age and
go within the retirement age, then you should have a time limit of at least 15 lakhs
or more so
that
you do not have to worry about future medical expenses, it
is important for you to explain to people in this way and what does the customer want, what does the
customer want
with you, whenever you talk about ICC Lombard
or talk about health insurance, then the
customer wants flexibility, customer wants
acceptance, wants innovative features,
wants personalization and
wants affordability,
if you provide these five features to the people in health insurance, then
that customer will happily
take a health insurance policy.  He wants and
in ICC Lombard you get these five features
easily sale free, flexible
risk acceptance, innovative features,
personalization and affordability, you will definitely get all this
here, there is a large
addressable market here, there is a
trusted brand in India and there are modular
products which are amazing in itself,
which you should know about, so to
join IC Lord you can call and
talk, we
make agents of ICC Lombard and after giving them good
nurture and good training, we take them to a stand up
working so that
you can earn good and wonderful money, Hello
your friend Yogendra Brahma, thank you so
much